on Twitter on twitch TV and in glorious
high definition on youtube this is barn
in effect welcome to another
extraordinary pack opening with me robó
or barn in effect and woo this is an
exceptional pack opening session I'm not
going to show you stray away you have to
wait till nearly the end you stop the
last pack book wait till the end and
you'll get to see the 88 rated player
haha tottenham badge therefore yeah not
too bad but do keep it yeah i think i'm
keeping quite a lot of the badges and
the kits and it's got to say welcome to
all the new subscribers massive thanks
to ALB who's helping me out tremendously
i was on this sunday shout out and I've
got quite a few subs from that I'm
really pleased and so I want to welcome
you all to this pack opening and as you
can see that I'm 10 jumbo pack openings
it's twice the price but you do get a
few extra rare so when they come along
it's probably probably worth probably
worth taking up in my opinion yeah you
get the extra rares whether they be
contract but I was also seem to be
getting a few extra plays on there as
well players I've been going at the
minute leading up to it not too good he
looks like a decent keeper I shall do it
what I remember what I do that's what I
do basically i'll record all my pack
openings then i'll just put them all
together in one one long string and i
just talked over and just so you can see
the kind of players that I get but what
you're thinking of the tunes in the
background party people and gun so
Santos I've had a few of those in the
past and unforced he's not go a lot of
pace about him but he's a decent players
got a bit of skill about him I remember
that and he's another one of those jumbo
packs and you see you know a couple of
rare it's a couple of decent plays and
he's got a bit of decent pace so we'll
go for a few coins and fitness poor
squad fitness if you're going to sell
them starting off at 150 let the bidding
commence and you'll go up to 1500 to
2000 coins very very easily I've never
had one goal s for less than 1500 I
guarantee that
a couple of German rares in the pack
that's not too bad get rid of those
later put him in the club for now
because as you can see my active
squaddies form a trade pilots vol only
got a few bits and pieces spare from a
consumable so I'll shall throw that
instead and strut guy strip cut bunch
with a German play on that's the better
German for you today I some look what we
get there in the next pack jayco jay car
83 striker 72 pace is pretty good in the
air don't forget 74 not too bad Newton
head haha but yeah jaicko he didn't go
for as many coins as I thought he woulda
done especially being a rare player in
all you know I mean but hey no it's what
the people want to buy at the end of the
day we might to deny them what they want
to buy in the marketplace and here we go
people the moment has arrived oh oh
David Silva oh yeah 88 rated as well
that 4231 formation happy days it's
froze on there because i was just good
news and yeah compose myself a little
bit but i had to go back and have
another load for lying in the pack as
well so villa Fellaini brewer Fellaini
silver Fellini silver villain I called
him villa then for a couple of times and
I David's dab it's silver I do apologize
but I'm still excited now what do you
expect but this is the final pack owning
of this session khatir is little year
Newcastle player there I just want to
say thanks to all the new subscribers
and the thanks to everybody that keeps
coming to view the pack openings i do
really appreciate I appreciate all the
comments and all the logs that you give
me a look out for the squad builder that
I'm going to be bringing soon you can
see on the far right-hand side I've got
the PSG that's what it's going to be
based around though I'm Robo or barn in
effect pop you likes in there if you
like the video when you want me to get a
bit more exposure and obviously respond
to all the comments and I'll do the
subscriber challenges well if you want
to play me on FIFA my gamertag is born
in
effect I've got a few people lined up
I've already done a few so until then
thank you